in addition to maspalomas rutera they sell eat
They are more international carnival
maspalomas pleasures so that
accompanying you on such a special night
in which even some of us have had
have to study German in welcome to
carnival and also be here in my
carnival of maspalomas you the
devil in a carnival of maspalomas to the
election of people and carnival 2015
estimated taxi q
come on let's go let square to
our candidates your beautiful because
to rosarno are so spectacular
you need a lot of spectacular space is
well with desire true then before
start the show
is the designer here
How nice what original work of art
sights Canary
there are many artists in the Canary Islands I do not have
that I stay here and now that comes
to stay because we have so much just is
when more cloth you put with marley and
the truth that I have is trying
hold a surprise
once I get a high presenter
handsome and sexy
at the end
even less comfortable because like all the
world is about to dance there is a lot of atmosphere
this had been thought that maybe I would
You take to dance for the parties of
maspalomas after good sex with
she to see who resists truth already
good that we lose the marley thread of
karma of that the cloth follows the thread no no
had more then they were standing today
look how you liked it as you are
happening they are very animated tonight not
we still need a little more
music but that after March the
local from here south of gran canaria
true
in this matter of leaving and
they lost shyness it's all in
march now we have to do what
otherwise you have to go to
see if the person is just warming up
is the preheating price for the
pre party the warming comes
then if global warming games
outside you have put on
spectacular for the final stretch man
they told me it was the end I too
I've put the middle of the end look what
pretty or fit
I like it but it's because there's something
failure
here in the Canary Islands you can choose what you want
my friend a little bit of come to where
I'm working on the scale all the
nights to see if you come to see me too
because here here can not be all
the days but if you pass by here never
you know come see my show on the scale
of vido
yes but I do not like those miles less
at night in the shows especially if
how are the nights my show
for the channel and behind the scenes more
difficult to go to the supermarket to
Sometimes it is pending not for the
supermarket there is not much problem for
the market let's see I want to know
if the jury at the end has deliberated and
why do they have a problem
I think that's why we've hired him
well he said that when the moment arrived
top of the gala are having fun
good, really
to see how the public is doing
which is present today in the center
comercial yumbo in san bartolomé de
tirajana gran canaria to see what you hear